what is going on everybody in today's
video I'm gonna be showing you how to
one push and skate three if you like
these videos and you want more of them
consider leaving a like and a comment
below it helps me out a ton and I
appreciate the support if you're new to
the channel make sure you subscribe
because i'll upload monday through
friday destiny and skate three videos
and sometimes mortal kombat so without
further ado let's get into it i am here
at park and play the usual one up
session to where people one potion then
they for pop or anything like that but
first before we get into all that you
gotta know your basic comp you better
know how to choose lanka you better know
how to landing clean seatbelts and how
to mute to land out of your third trick
if you know that stuff great if not look
on my channel or someone else's channel
to find those tutorials it doesn't have
to be mine no pressure there just go
ahead and get into this when it comes
apart complain you want to come to the
usual spot where to start stuff the
first rounds and just put a session
marker right here but as you can see
every day as you can see it looks like
the basic one up you go right here and
then those three two one yada yada what
you do is you just aim right a little
bit push out and you do your first tree
and you land it a little bit late you do
the trick in the air like that and then
you flick out
while still right there what that'll do
is it'll give you an extra boost of
momentum and speed make sure whatever
trick you do you just flick it out at
the beginning damn easy simple you also
gotta know how to go streamer if you
know how to do that either look it up
there's not many oh my god I'm sorry
it's not many tutorials one had a
one-foot so I guess I'll just help out
the community out there and put another
how-to one push for come get you more
points and it's advanced comps so it's a
little difficult to learn but start out
and og the pushing it helps you out a
ton because it pushes faster so it makes
it easier into the right and once you
land want to revert just like that when
I'm ghost rebirth like that I'm what
that I do is out keep your speed and
it's easier for you to see though you
can land straight and you can see I
still have a lot of speed and I did my
next trick and then they my seatbelt
nice and clean and after that well then
that do your next trick landing you see
but again and once you land go through
it again
so when you and you go sweeper and then
you do your next trick and then you land
it so just practice it over and over
guys I just learned how to do this like
three days ago so don't get mad at me if
I'm not the bitch that one person I hope
I helped you out some just so you can
learn a couple things about one pushing
because I did struggle with it a little
bit
do they want montages you see they have
crazy speed that keep their speed it's
just an easy bus clean and in your third
trick clean and ghost reverting the few
the first couple of tricks to keep your
speed and keep your momentum that's the
momentum momentum I wanna thank you guys
for watching today's video
skate 3 an amazing game I love it only
on 360 though it saddens me I have to
switch console to play each game but
like I said leave a like if you like
these kind of videos and will definitely
post more tutorials on cop or even Trek
line subscribe to the channel to stay
updated with Monday through Friday
destiny and skate three videos and even
sometimes Saturday or Sunday if I'm not
too busy because Saturday and Sunday I'm
usually you know somewhere else but
that's about wraps it up for this video
I'll see you guys the next one please
meaning